[Music]
chart beeps it's Nadia again this one is
a special one to me because I am from
Rome and it's something that we eat very
often there which is the carbonara
spaghetti now you can make spaghetti
carbonara or you can make rigatoni alla
Carbonara whichever way they taste
awesome and it's a dish that is typical
of my region which is the last year
region and it's very very simple there
is certain ingredients that you must
must must have to make sure that is that
it comes out as tasty as it should be
for this recipe you need one schoiar
which is a form of bacon or gas sandwich
is the cheek of the pig but pancetta is
an OK substitute for it you will get a
very tasty carbonara with this the next
ingredient that is a must is a curry no
cheese you can look down below in the
description and I've spelt it you can
find the greener in these supermarkets
here I have pecorino romano typical
Roman pecorino there's different types
of big arenas if you can find a Karina
Romano is the best so we've got abaranda
grams of pancetta 80 grams of pecorino 3
eggs black pepper and 200 grams of
spaghetti
now these
quantities are for two people usually
for the carbonara you put one egg for
each person so one and water 1 egg 400
grams of spaghetti is for one person I
put three eggs because one gets less
than the pot so is one of each and one
for the pot and the water is boiling we
are going to start with the first step
of the carbonara
you take the pancetta you put it all
inside the pan with nothing else
it's got fats in it so you don't need to
add oil something else and you just let
it sizzle a little well the bunch of
that sizzling I'm going to get cracking
literally with the eggs so I'm taking a
little bowl and putting the three eggs
you add the 80 grams of pecorino you get
very generous with the better so that's
gonna be about half a teaspoon so now
we're going to travel to a pinch of salt
which I forgot earlier behave I am not
perfect so now you don't have too much
salt because the pancetta is salty okay
so we're going to put half a teaspoon of
salt you get a fork and you get cracking
now guys this is a simple as you see
there's nothing else involved no creamy
no single cream addition no milk no
nothing this is the original tasty
carbonara the you've tasted in the
Italian restaurants and one important
thing
do not put parmesan in the carbonara it
is not the right type of cheese it will
give you a completely different taste
now you see the pancetta is giving out
all the night sorry oil is giving out
all the nice oil that you want because
you're going to use this pancetta and
put it in the egg mix and then keep the
pan for later because we're going to put
some spaghetti
in it to get all the nice little sauce
and juice I guess that came out of the
vinsetta mixed with it so keep the band
or washer right ready don't try this at
all this is something I just learned
[Music]
that's right okay I almost got it
anyway this is a ninja Roman exercises
nah when the pancetta goes slightly
crispy as you can see you are done so
we're going to add this to the egg mix
okay let's do it okay you see this oil
from the pancetta we're going to take
advantage of these so once use the pan
or gun put don't put away your pan or
wash it because once the spaghetti have
cooked we're going to dip them in just
to get all the last bits of oil now you
want to make sure that you take the
spaghetti out Capel of minutes before
the end of the cooking time so if it's
10 minutes you dig them up at 8 minutes
so that when you keep mixing them with
the egg and the pancetta even though
there's they're hot and they're still
cooking they're not going to go all
mushy just wanted to show you you've got
a bunch of the bits in a you give it a
nice stir again okay you want all those
oils and taste to mix into the egg and
the pecorino with the pepper and the
salt everything together married can
nice cap
[Music]
we wanna the Instagram color how
exciting so now this is down guys we're
going to put this pasta inside the pan
that we used earlier so that all the
stuff gets mixed you're good
shaky shaky shaky I want the spaghetti
to catch everything that was left from
our and the work that we did
earlier so now we're good plan our mix
to it
[Music]
camera also take some of the spaghetti I
want to get everything that I've used
today I'm not gonna leave anything
[Music]
anybody okay spoon and fork let's get
cracking so you want to mix this okay
this is all done of the cooker you don't
want to cook this but this pocket is hot
so if you keep mixing it for good five
minutes it will cook just enough as the
carbonara needs to be cooked as doctors
are not sure anyways I am always right
because I am NOT English so when I make
a mistake no one can tell me anything
anyways guys I need you to look at this
who carried this is developing into
something spectacular
look at this I'm mixing it okay this is
like the work of God himself
and you wanna mix it until it's cool but
not fried that you don't want to fry the
egg come on guys
let's get going okay this is just
perfect
disease it smells like this is delicious
this is pretty much done guys I love you
I love you whoo
we're going to put it in a plate so I'm
rolling it and then I'm like going into
the sent letter letting it fall yes
realized guys that we haven't used any
cream sauce but these simple ingredients
have created a cream of the room for the
final touch of coarse black pepper
lovers you want to sprinkle it you want
to give it a nice touch all right it's
done please take a picture of this they
got that on your screens this is just
amazing
[Music]
so now is the final test as usual
my own it does smell good and I just
want to check on this consistency it's
absolutely perfect
it couldn't be any better anyways guys
as always I put all of the ingredients
and quantities down below if you have a
comment if you don't know what to do for
dinner relax or whatever you say Nadia
what can I cook today give me a comment
below send me a message I will give you
great ideas please people subscribe to
the red knot on down below it's
important because then you get notified
when I publish something amazing
just as this one thank you and love you
[Music]